In this video and to go over the syllabus section by section so you can see what you're going to learn
in this course.
So in section 2 the section following this video you're going to learn about databases as you know and
miss out and the differences between them were run through the installation and set up all of my school
and my school work bench and then in the final video of this section you're going to be writing your
first Escudo queries and then in section 3 we'll have a section on data definition language so you will
be learning about primary and foreign keys.
You'll be learning how to create modify and delete tables within a database.
We'll be doing this by creating a database for a coffee store which we use in feature sections and then
in Section 4 we'll learn about data manipulation language.
So this is how to insert update and delete data from tables within the database.
Are we doing this by inserting data into our coffee store database and then in section 5 we'll learn
how to retrieve data from a table using select statements.
We'll also learn about where clauses to filter our data and also learn how to order our data.
We'll be learning quite a lot more in this section.
This is quite a big section.
We're going to learn a lot of useful escrowed queries and in section 6 We're going to learn how to retrieve
data from more than one table.
So we're going to learn about how to use Table joins and we'll also learn about the different types
of JOINs within my school and then Section 7 will be slightly different.
This is going to be a section where we'll learn about database design.
So we're going to learn about concepts in database design such as normalization relationships between
tables and constraints that we can place on our tables and I decided to put this section in later in
the course rather than before.
We created a database for our coffee so.
And this is because it's quite a lot of theory.
Caudillo the concepts.
So we're not going to be writing Escudo queries in this section.
We're just going to be learning about concepts in database design.
And I didn't want a whole section on just learning about concepts and lots of information on database
design.
At the beginning of the course I really wanted to get started with writing escrow queries creating tables
straight away.
So I decided to put this section later in the course.
So in Section 8 we're going to be taking what we learnt in the previous section on database design and
we're going to be creating a database for a system online booking system.
So this database is going to be quite a lot more complex than our coffee store database and we're going
to go through it step by step.
And then the final video in this section we're going to be inserting data into our cinema online booking
system database and then we're going to use this database in future sections and then in section 9 we're
going to learn about aggregate functions in Escudo.
We're going to learn what they are and how to use them.
We're going to learn how we can group data by column and then we're also going to learn about the having
close.
So this is a really useful section for data analysis.
So in Section 10 we're going to be learning about some queries in as well and how they work on the different
types of queries within us.
So you go through examples of non correlated sub queries and then we'll go through some examples of
correlated sub queries.
So that's everything we're going to learn in this course.
Let's get started in the next video.